They talked about the good girl,
Just like this, the sword itself can only be used as three,
It's easy for you to take care of,
That's it, you really need to be energetic.
This time, this time,
If you don't like me that much, I'm actually not very good at surviving.
What do you mean?
That’s the literal meaning,
You talk about the sound,
It’s not about whether it can,
What kind of good things are you doing?
How could it be?
Auntie, I'm usually too tolerant of you.
Playing together is more dangerous and demonic
Don’t want to be my boss again, right?
How did I end up there?
I am nothing
Just put some soothing demon in there
Little Sa Yan was lent to me by Gu Sa.
It doesn't matter to me. Please stop being silent.
What else do you want to say?